hello now i'm on the map
Altai Range
where we discuss the illusions of battlefield 4 i
just captured point b and in the process
capture hiding from the enemy behind this
blue barrel of water she will not stop
bullets but provide visual cover for
so that the enemy did not notice me
I think you agree with me because
now let's see how it is
looks from the other player no
this is not a tricky installation how you can
seem at first glance just like that
looks like my hideout for another player
not only the water barrel disappeared but also
my player's model is looked perfectly in
the other side let's see what
happens if i open fire
after that my player promptly
turns in the right direction even
given that the body still has
wrong position
another player now at least knows which
i'm looking
but what happens to the water barrel
as you can see she is right in front
me but it is not on the screen of the enemy
maybe it will become visible if you try
move it in order to update
the physical model is not still just me
I can see her
when I compared the point of view of another
player with mine
noticed that a barrel of water in his case
is in the original position on
map
if he decides to hide behind one of these
barrels his model will be visible to me for a hundred
percent at a time when he thinks that
took cover well as you have already noticed
the third player ran through the water
barrels and this has changed them
provisions how is it that I
I see these barrels completely in others
places compared to other players
this happens because other players
joined the server after
I changed the position of the barrels on the map and
new position of the object is updated to me
only on clients of players who
joined later
we can assume that if we start
round together all the objects will be
synchronized correctly because
our clients will receive information
how do barrels move throughout
round theoretically yes but let's
check
we are near the above mentioned barrels
which are located on their starting
positions at the start of the next round as
see both players see a barrel in one and
same place after the barrel was
moved by the map it should
appear on my screen right in front
me but she is not from my point of view she
is located to the right, even considering that
barrels initially visible to both players
were moved by one of the players
the end result is different for each
player on server
this happens because the client
performs physical simulations locally
and does not sync with others
customers for small objects who
serve only for scenery this is not
the problem is no need for them
sync on all clients but for
objects the size of a water barrel or
tree which can be used as
shelter
this is a real problem since you
sure that they are well hidden from the eyes
the enemy but from his point of view the model
your player clearly
and so we got two lessons 1
if you want to remove a token from a player
who doesn't move and shoots no
believe the visual orientation of the model
the enemy you see on your own
the screens are more likely that he is watching
your side
when your screen shows the opposite
second
never hide behind objects
who were part of the other destroyed
objects such as trees or parts
exploded technology or other
objects that are exposed
physical simulation some kind of barrel
if you see yourself behind one of these
objects this does not mean that other players
on the server see you also thanks to all
for your attention for now